# Minutes for Vocab

## Attendees 
* Nis Jesperson
* Hisanao Sugamata
* Marek Laskowski
* Svante Schubert
* Kevin Bishop
* Kseniya Shychko
* David Roff

## PR’s
* Merged Minutes from last week
* [chore: code refactoring to properly support outputs generation by kshychko · Pull Request #158 · uncefact/spec-jsonld · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/pull/158) a step towards automation of the build.  Approved.
* [chore: updates from transformer PR#158 by kshychko · Pull Request #1 · uncefact/vocab-trade · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/vocab-trade/pull/1)
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/pull/159 - merged 
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/pull/160 - merged
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/144 - overlap between id, type as these are core to json-ld its common that id and it is desired to adhere to LD and map to  @id and @type but this would be an issue potentially, to resolve we will go back from `id` to `identifier`
And split `type`  into qualified types i.e. `packingType` see comments in ticket.

## Issues
https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/144 - closed as covered previously.
