# Meeting Minutes

## Attendees 

Nis Jesperson, Kseniya Shychko, David Roff, Ian Watt

## PR's

Closed Open Pull Request 86

## Issues 

#10 - 

#29 - https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/29

Discussed the locode topic, we have links of data for country and sub division 
i.e. 
We have in the vocab https://service.unece.org/trade/uncefact/vocabulary/uncefact/#UNECELOCODE and https://service.unece.org/trade/uncefact/vocabulary/unlocode-au/

This relates to:
https://service.unece.org/trade/locode/au.htm
https://unece.org/trade/uncefact/unlocode-country-subdivisions-iso-3166-2
https://service.unece.org/trade/uncefact/vocabulary/uncefact/#CountrySubDivision

Should the locode have anchors on the page which could be linked to ?
Should we have those extra data fields on the vocab i.e. sub division? 

Nis has commetned in the ticket to ask valdimir for thoughts

#26 - https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/26

Kseniya will pick this up and review, there is an understanding that if on a low memory machine the page may not load and lead someone to think it is not working.  For most of us this doesn't appear to be an issue.

#27 - https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/27

Links to above comment and shows where there is inconsistency in approach to publish on one page.
Agree that we will do #26 so this can be closed.

#31 - https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/31

Needs technical support from the UN, constraints are in palce which are blocking.. Raised with Kevin to push in UNECE.  
Ian Watt to push with secretariat and suggest Maerek also becomes involved to carry this message back.




# Next Meeting 

Next Friday 13th May

Forum is coming up so lets get the PR's in

Nis please close the semantic issues I dont have rights to :) 

