# Kick off Meeting

## Attendee's
Nis Jesperson - 4 years in CEFACT and founder of EDI3 works in verifiable credentials.  Editor of the project.
Roman Evstifeev - worked on edi3 for a few years 
Kevin Bishop - from UNECE secretariat, joined 2 months ago, has background in IT a professor in computing.
David Roff - T&L Domain Co-Ordinator also supporting the BIC on API and Digital resources.
Kesenyia - EDI3 Background 
Steve Capell - will join subsequent calls 

## Contributing and Workflow
Anyone can contribute to the project but official contributions must be made from a registered UN/CEFACT expert, this is a simple registration process and free to do.

Goal is to take what has been done already and get over the finish line as a project within UN/CEFACT.

Work will be done in MarkDown and output the deliverable after the work is done.
Deliverables: 
* PDF of results and project.
* Code of the Vocabulary on UN GitHub.

Process to follow the git flows
* Submit a pull request and merge as we go focused around the tasks
* encourage even small PR’s 
* Issues will be reviewed in least recently updated which is proven model to work in this environment.

## Not in Scope
* API and Schemas 
* Data Modelling - we are re-using existing work not creating new.

Process to follow the git flows
* Submit a pull request and merge as we go focused around the tasks
* encourage even small PR’s
* Issues will be reviewed in least recently updated which is proven model to work in this environment.

Agreement to merging PR#14
Agreement to merging PR#15

Issue 7 Add source and binaries
We can always update to scripting later as a separate ticket

Issue #11 In order to close this, we'll go through all edi3 tickets, either closing or bring over here for continued work

Add content to the documents (not only issues).

Use assignment on issues, not only tagging.

Minutes will not be PR'ed.

All issues reviewed.
