## Notes on the JSON-LD Project Meeting – 4/20/2023. 
## Start of Meeting: Thu Apr 20, 2023 10:00:00 – 11:00:00 - GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time)
###################################################################################
## Minutes 

## Attending
Nis Jesperson, Kseniya Shychko, Sue Probert, Marek Laskowski, Hisanao Sugamata, Hidekazu Enjo, Kevin Bishop, Steve Capell 
Apologies: Ian Watt 
###################################################################################

Nis Jespersen – 
o	Opening of the Meeting 
o	Approval of meeting minutes (Issue – #172) – 2023-03-23. 
Review of pull request: 
o	Issue – #175 & #145

Review of issues:  
o	Closed: #47, #84, #87, #91, #98, #115, #116, #125, #136

Kseniya Shychko –  
o	Explained the technical issues. 

###################################################################################

Kevin Bishop – 
Introduction of the additional Agenda Items - JSON-LD Web Vocabulary (Project Exit Completion Steps) 
•	Formation of a new Focal Point for JSON-LD Vocab maintenance and documentation of publication procedures
•	Documentation of exported CCL JSON Schema to JSON-LD Vocab transformation software
•	Addition of validation procedures for Validation Focal Point to follow for each 6 monthly releases.

Sue Probert – 
•	Mention that we know that the project has been very successful, and now need to have a documented validation procedure on the JSON-LD. 
•	Focal points are indeed open-ended with a lot of trust and responsibility. 

Nis Jespersen – 
•	Discussed the publication procedures documentation; that explains the GitHub Actions and Codebase, Testing and Validation Procedures etc. 

o	Provided a high-level description of the process:  
o	Version bump process: 
-	File GitHub issue on version update, this includes the .JSON Schema 
-	Volunteers pick up the issue 
-	Run the code to produce LD output 
-	Confirm the new semantical additions (diff with previous version) 
-	Confirm the syntax (automated test) 
-	Deploy to test environment, flag to community 
-	Pending maturity period, deploy to production
-	Broken link checks

•	Beyond that, we had in mind as an Open-Source project basis to raise issues via the Open-Source Concept to discern any issues.
•	(Recommendation 1: Open-Source Oriented approach for issues (bug fixing etc) and Diff approach to validate the output.  

Marek Laskowski – 
•	From my understanding is that focal point is like “Repository Maintainer”; but in my opinion if we can have documentation that can be the guideline on how the process is executed it should be sufficient (Recommendation 2: Guideline & Documentation on the JSON-LD)  

Hidekazu Enjo -  
•	I think that Open Source – Open-Source Community cannot validate the output. We need to check the semantical output via a manual method. (Recommendation 3: Manual Error Checking Process.) 
•	Also, if the source of truth is correct, we will just have to be mindful to check for any errors or bugs in the output. 

##End of Meeting 

