# Vocab Minutes

Attendee's:
Nis, Ksenyia, David, Steve, Ian Watt, Alastair (Parker)


PR - regards #96 and the wording we discussed the definition of ‘done’ changes made to the readme on the maintenance section to keep with UNECE release schedule but not place ownership on the project team for this project, publication needs to be maintained by official channels once live.

PR #105 - @cmsdroff showed a visualisation to explain the Fair Oaks and Geneva examples using turtle to visualise, details on the ticket. Of how to graph.  We agreed that we should not define all under UNECE but reuse and refer to schema.org for example that is well defined for `Country` and `State` which relate to these things and are well in use in the LD world.  Ksenyia to discuss and review how to use this in the PR.  David to assist with any UNLOCODE questions.

PR's
https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/pull/107
https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/pull/109

Led to discussion on the vocab, Steve outlined the results of analysis and that in many cases there is a 1 to 1 and around 20% of the library is overloaded, we discussed if we should take the Core Component Library and ignore the BIE library for definitions.  Proposal for consideration is that the CCL is the anchor and we should use this as our vocabulary rather than go the other way from the Reference Data Model (RDM) such as MMT or SCRDM.  This discussion overlaps from last weeks decision and requires further clarity to move forward. 
