# Vocab Meeting Minutes

Attendees: Steve Capell, Ksenyia Shychko, Ian Watt, Kevin Bishop, David Roff, Nis Jespersen


Steve highlighted that new repos in UNECE github with the goal to make easy to publish the vocabs and have a clear point of reference to specific domains or lists.

Some discussion on fork which for vocab we have moved away from.

## PR’s 
[feat: use codes as ids for recommentations codelists and UNCL (EDIFACT) by kshychko · Pull Request #99 · uncefact/vocab · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/pull/99)

Ksenyia has pulled the data from the UN pages and produced the JSON-LD the details are in the ticket and are well covered.  

Steve raised the question do we pull over every possible code that may have been conceived previously or ones that are relevant today.  This is outside of the meeting scope but a valid point.

UNECE should only ideally publish codes they are the authority for, so recommendation 5 for example should be covered by the ICC (International Chamber of Commerce).  We will raise a ticket for each of these and discuss in the ticket.

https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/pull/96
Will be merged in the next call to give time to review as was more changes than initially thought.

## Tickets

We added `Pending Publish`  to order the tickets to make it easier to work through.

[specifiedIdentity domain · Issue #63 · uncefact/vocab · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/63)

Kenya is working on the UNLOCODE and will combine the tickets relative to this to move forward.
[uncefact:UNECELOCODE · Issue #39 · uncefact/vocab · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/39)


We also discussed the following tickets 
[owl:ObjectProperty vs owl:DatatypeProperty, rather than rdf:Property · Issue #40 · uncefact/vocab · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/40)

[void values of uncefact:TDED · Issue #38 · uncefact/vocab · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/38)
This one has lots of gaps where the TDED is not present, s discussion on how to handle, the TDED was used in the UN Layout Key to identify the field on a document.  WE agreed to skip the blanks.

[cefactBieDomainClass should be object prop not string · Issue #36 · uncefact/vocab · GitHub](https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/36)

We closed the meeting with the topic of getting the work done and a plan on how and when to do this, the final closure is planned before the next forum in October time.  
August is a good time to do internal testing and delivery.

