# Vocab Minutes

## Attendee's

Ian Watt, Marek Laskowski, Svante Schubert, Kseniya Shychko, David Roff

## PR

https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/pull/148 merged minutes

## Issues

Ksenyia, busy with the refactoring and closing in on various issues:
* Documentation (needs ticket)
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/147 we will switch from `v1` to `D20A` as this is the version labelled on the output provided.
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/149 refers to https://vocabulary.uncefact.org which needs some more business introduction like https://www.gs1.org/voc/ under 'about'
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/150 we should make the search nice like previously on edi3

Closing 
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/25 celebrating being a cool uri ;)
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/26
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/31
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/114 
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/119
* https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/150


## Discussion

Celebration that the vocab url is now live :) https://vocabulary.uncefact.org

For https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/143 Discussion about LD and @vocab which is the right approach, do we take a similar approach to GS1 and schema.org or other ?
https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/147 explained about @id and it points to the rdf id.
https://github.com/uncefact/spec-jsonld/issues/145 a good ticket and great feedback



